# Static preview anywhere page

## The concept of Static Preview

### Problem

Although "Markup and styles in JavaScript" is a popular methodology, it has serious issues.

1. **State-dependent rendering**. For example, if there are not enough items in the data source, no pagination will be displayed, trus we can't give feedback then modifying the markup or styles of the pagination).
2. **Limited page access**. For example, you can not give the feedback when writing the markup and styles for the admin panel until don't authorize.
3. The JavaScript-powered applications usually requires the development server for normal operation which make hard the demonstration of the progress to customers.
4. The human can not focus on markup, styles and logic simultaneously. Are markup and CSS in JavaScript or not, the developer can not write them at the same time.

Especially, once minimal working application will be done and realized, the changing of the markup and styles in the pages like "Thank you for the purchasing!" could be really hard - once page has been realoaded, normally user is being redirected to avoid the double scoring of conversion.

### Solution

The **static preview** is the web-page development stage on which the engineer is focusing on markup and styles, herewith:

1. The states like loading and error could be simulated by conditional rendering of Pug.
2. The dummy data could be generated by build-in JavaScript of Pug (and also, most functionality of `@yamato-daiwa/es-extensions`
   including random values generators is available).
3. All pages could be accessed without limitations like authorization (of course, no actual of sensitive data must be in this stage.)
4. No development server required for the viewing of the output files: the customer can just open these files in browser and see the content.

But another one feature of this methodology is **(static preview) anywhere page**.
In fact, it is the main HTML file with the list of links of each page (by other words, table of contents).
Thanks to it, the customer can just open this HTML file and watch any page.

Please note that:

* The static preview including Anywhere page is **for development needs only** and **must not be published**.
* The markup and styles created in this stage will be re-used in the next stage of development, but the static preview itself
  is only for the developers and their customers.

## How to create the Static preview anywhere page

### Step 1: Prepare the directory and files

Create the directories for static preview: one for the source files and one for the output files.

### Step 2: Create the Pug file for Static Preview anywhere page

You can name this file as `index.pug`, or any other name if your broject building tools can found this file and open compiled HTML in the browser.

### Step 3: Fill the file
